Update known-issue-178-multi-role-rls-composite-model-fail.md (#4324)
MicrosoftDocs/powerbi-docs: powerbi-docs/troubleshoot/known-issues/known-issue-178-multi-role-rls-composite-model-fail.md

## Solutions and workarounds

> Fix has been deployed and the above error has been removed. User that belongs to multiple roles for composite models will experience the same behavior as user that belongs to multiple roles for non-composite model: the user will have access to all the data that each individual role has access to. For example if role 'A' has access to Product[Color] = "Black" and role 'B' has accesso to Product[Color] = "Red", a user belongs to both role 'A' and 'B' will have acess to Product[Color] = "Black" or "Red".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix has been deployed and the above error has been removed. Users who belong to multiple roles for composite models will experience the same behavior as users who belong to multiple roles for non-composite models: they'll have access to all the data that each individual role has access to. For example, if role 'A' has access to Product[Color] = "Black" and role 'B' has access to Product[Color] = "Red", a user who belongs to both role 'A' and 'B' will have access to Product[Color] = "Black" or "Red".
```
